# CompanyFrontend

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.0.3.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
npm start
```

This will also set up a proxy based on proxy.conf.json
By default this requires CompanyApi to be running on `https://localhost:5001`

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Development

Ensure npm packages are up to date by running:

```bash
npm install
```

### API typescript files

This project uses `ng-openapi-gen` to generate TypeScript files for interacting with the API, based on the OpenAPI definition. If the API definition changes, run the following command while the CompanyAPI is running to regenerate the files:

```bash
npm run generate-api-files
```

By default, the OpenAPI definition is expected at `https://localhost:5001/swagger/v1/swagger.json`, and the generated files are placed in `src/app/api`. Note that changes to API method names may break existing functionality and require updates.

These generated files should not be accessed directly by components or most services. Instead, create a dedicated service to handle interactions with the generated API files and manage their responses. e.g. `company-data-service.ts`

## Angular Development

The following details are generated by default by Angular CLI.

### Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

### Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

### Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

### Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

### Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
